Jonathan Aspeling: **Hay all**

Justin Slack: **Hey Jonathan**

Justin Slack: **https://fedsa.org/**

Justin Slack: **https://frontend.org.za/**

Justin Slack: **https://soundcloud.com/fedsa-community/fedsa-podcast-april-2021-leandrie-nieeuwoudt-amo-moloko-mixdown**

Miriam Suzanne (she/her): **My slides are here, for anyone who wants to follow along or refer back later: https://slides.oddbird.net/css-next/fedsa**

Jonathan Aspeling: **Epic**

Jonathan Aspeling: **CBD must be congested**

Michael Wagener (Cape Town, SA): **Please ping link again…**

Matt: **Will the podcasts be uploaded anywhere other than Soundcloud?**

Schalk Venter: **@Matt we will probably syndicate to all the podcast-related things**

Schalk Venter: **https://soundcloud.com/fedsa-community**

Matt: **Awesome :)**

Michael Wagener (Cape Town, SA): **Merci! :-)**

Schalk Venter: **Container Queries!!!!**

Michael Wagener (Cape Town, SA): **It moves… :-D**

Michael Wagener (Cape Town, SA): **Now that takes me back a year or two**

Jonathan Aspeling: **That override graphic over trump was a really nice touch**

gerdusVZ: **after playing control inverted pyramids always mean a board meeting**

gerdusVZ: **scoped styles look very useful**

Jonathan Aspeling: **Sho**

Michael Wagener (Cape Town, SA): **I will have to play… it looks exciting…**

Dylan: **HI Chiko, we bump into each other again!  Woot! :)**

Jonathan Aspeling: **Good nugget right there**

Matt: **^^^**

Jonathan Aspeling: **Question - Any courses, tracks you could recommend for someone wanting to get into and/or level up their Styling game?**

gerdusVZ: **Q: **in the css working group are there people from design tools like Figma providing feedback about easy to export/mapping to web layout?**

Schalk Venter: **Gerdus that a super great question!**

Nathan Shepherd: **Q: **How long until we can start using cascade layers and scoped styles in production? What stage of the W3C recommendation track are they at?**

Duncan Dudley: **I have to go. This talk was comprehensive & very interesting. I want to watch the recording when its out. Thanks for the talk Miriam. :) Goodbye everyone.**

Justin Slack: **Thanks Duncan**

gerdusVZ: **wasn't houdini layout meant to do that?**

Jonathan Aspeling: **https://houdini.how/**

Nathan Shepherd: **Tailwind V2 will make it ubiquitous.**

Nathan Shepherd: **Q: **Could CSS benefit from a documenting syntax like jsdoc, phpdoc, etc.? Something a post-processor can run through and compile documentation with.**

gerdusVZ: **thank you. was very interesting!**

Jonathan Aspeling: **Thanks so much! Cheers!**
